Katrina Groves: Very 15 2020 doing a
Katrina Groves: TV. My background.
Katrina Groves: Before
Katrina Groves: History and physicals this morning.
I have
Katrina Groves: Josh brown
Say, or Schultz.
Katrina Groves: And enjoy your mirrors scheduled
Katrina Groves: Hey, If this is Joe Evan, or whoever transference. This
Katrina Groves: Hi.
Katrina Groves: I was reviewing
Some of the
Katrina Groves: Notes
visits last week.
Katrina Groves: And I just wanted to ask you to not include you have systems that were full, because we really didn't do that. And I feel uncomfortable just typing in having a type of knowledge of your systems that we really do so.
Katrina Groves: Like, take the all adults negative out. I know it feels better. But if we don't talk about it. I don't want to be building it.
I'm thinking of the beginning and group, I might just say, does anyone have
Katrina Groves: These things and just kind of ask all at once, and then you can put those down. But today also take out the
role play that's weird up in the group session.
Katrina Groves: I fixed all these Bible and edit it and that the group sessions. Don't put role play in unless we actually do role play or those or change it to say,
That these are some techniques that possibly were employed or something. I'm
Also
Trying to do
Katrina Groves: Monthly drug screens. I see that a lot. That's when these people are going to be on every two or three months because they've been stable a long time anyway that does not apply to today, because this is a history and physical
So I'm going to be doing a complete review systems and I'm working on these guys today.
So hopefully
Everybody
Katrina Groves: Monday. So my zoom room is five to 264932 months seven I heard that I'm supposed to use this or history physicals but that I need to find a random room on Monday. So I'll try to help with that right first will be Josh brown and
Start again soon.
Katrina Groves: Forgot to mention
This community health center patient and
So he's established with me for his new bright heart. I think that's just considered established patient and he began our program at done or on July 22 2014, is that correct
So he's over five years.
Clean our
Speakers
Sorry this is Josh brown data versus 3076
Katrina Groves: It's basically going to be like we eat. I'm you're on a new doctor to you and I don't know anything about your medical history. So it might take about 45 minutes is
Galaxy A50: I know
Katrina Groves: What do you got going on.
Galaxy A50: I'm just waiting to get up to work so that I can get to my next job.
Katrina Groves: Yeah where's the cast today.
Galaxy A50: What's mom. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Alright. So Josh you our date of birth is 830 76 right yep
Katrina Groves: And you started with the program that I could find in the clinic. On July 22nd 2014. Does that sound about right.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So you've been over five years coming on six years clean
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Any relapses during that time.
Galaxy A50: Nope, I just had one initial one when I first started the program and
Galaxy A50: No chance. Then I've
Galaxy A50: Been doing it.
Katrina Groves: A job.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so first I want to go through medications.
Katrina Groves: Are you still taking the Zoloft
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And give me the isn't 100 milligrams
Galaxy A50: Yeah, once a day okay and
Katrina Groves: The Suboxone you're taking is eight milligrams and you're taking three a day.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Any other medications, Josh.
Galaxy A50: Nope.
Katrina Groves: I see you had an inhaler one time. Do you have asthma.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I had it really bad as a kid.
Katrina Groves: Oh alright so let's go on that track what other medical problems did you have as a kid or that you have as an adult that you grew out of that asthma.
Galaxy A50: Yeah yeah
Galaxy A50: That's about it.
Katrina Groves: Any surgeries in the past, Josh appendix tonsils anything
Galaxy A50: No, I had surgery on my ear. Once
Galaxy A50: What happened, I got an accident and
Galaxy A50: Almost severed my ear off so they had to do.
Galaxy A50: Some pretty technical stuff and do a skin graft and
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So no other surgeries though broken down
Galaxy A50: No.
No.
What else
Katrina Groves: Oh you so you did used to drink alcohol.
Galaxy A50: Oh, yeah.
Katrina Groves: And you quit that, when do you think you quit.
Galaxy A50: Well that with my clean day. So thank you. I'm great.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, drinking and drugs went hand in hand with me so
Galaxy A50: And I actually I'll call was my first drug
Katrina Groves: Okay, so let's start from the beginning. Then, and it's so when do you think
Katrina Groves: You first started using substances. Some people were like five years old, and they're starting to drink and are used pot when
Galaxy A50: I was
Galaxy A50: I was about 13
Galaxy A50: When I started
Galaxy A50: And tell me
Katrina Groves: What happened and how
Katrina Groves: What was your drug of choice.
Galaxy A50: Whatever I could get
Galaxy A50: Like I said, I started off with alcohol and weed and
Galaxy A50: Then started doing on hallucinogen and
Galaxy A50: Yeah, it just spiraled
Galaxy A50: To where I was shooting up 15 times a day.
Wow.
Katrina Groves: Spending all your money and all your time.
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And how many times did you try to quit throughout those years before you got on Suboxone or
Galaxy A50: Well, I went to rehab when I was
Galaxy A50: 15
Galaxy A50: And
Galaxy A50: That was just like a 90 day thing.
Galaxy A50: That was really the only treatment.
Galaxy A50: I was in
Galaxy A50: Did a a quite a bit like young because both my parents.
Galaxy A50: Were in the program to so it was kind of like a family thing for a little while.
Katrina Groves: Well at least that they knew about your use. And we're trying to get you help. They weren't just like
Katrina Groves: Bon or didn't care.
Galaxy A50: I don't know, I just try to stay tried to stay away from home. My parents split up great around the time I was 13 and I stayed with my mom and she let me do what I want. So
Galaxy A50: Good what I wanted.
Katrina Groves: Which is why with your son, I guess you're
Katrina Groves: Making those boundaries for him. Cuz kids need those boundaries.
Yeah.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so you're at 15 you went to rehab and you went to a program. When did you start. Did you get any legal problems with that.
Galaxy A50: Well, I have three DUIs
Galaxy A50: And then I was on drug core
Galaxy A50: That's pretty much the only
Galaxy A50: And I think I did get
Galaxy A50: In trouble. It was
Galaxy A50: I was in a lot of trouble, actually.
Katrina Groves: Like jail time like prison time
Galaxy A50: Ended up being yeah
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I've done a lot of county time and
Katrina Groves: Is there anything you Oh now or are you
Katrina Groves: Is everything
Galaxy A50: I'm still paying on some of my old band.
Katrina Groves: Wow, okay, how long do you think until those get paid off.
Galaxy A50: Two years of the mouse. Hopefully in the next year.
Katrina Groves: Good and the DUIs to those get it like expunged after time of your record, or how does that work.
Galaxy A50: Well, I think they'll only show up. That's
Galaxy A50: You know,
Katrina Groves: But it doesn't affect your life now.
Galaxy A50: You can I know
Galaxy A50: Know,
Galaxy A50: Finally, out of all my legal trouble and
Good.
Katrina Groves: And you got a job. Tell me about your jobs and she got well what old jobs, did you use to have for you.
Galaxy A50: I've had, I've had a lot of
Galaxy A50: I did most of my work under the table. I had a couple
Galaxy A50: Regular jobs. I think the longest one, for it was for
Galaxy A50: A year maybe
Why was that
Galaxy A50: To Jefferson state brewery.
Galaxy A50: When they open up
Katrina Groves: That just down on the ocean.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, it was the
Galaxy A50: The brewery that
Galaxy A50: When they first remodeled that whole play
Katrina Groves: Remember that
Katrina Groves: Now you're working in your own
Galaxy A50: I have my own landscaping lawn and landscaping business.
Galaxy A50: Almost four years now.
Galaxy A50: slowly progressing and, you know,
Galaxy A50: Besides winner. I usually stay pretty busy.
Galaxy A50: as busy as I want to. And can you know
Galaxy A50: During the week I have my kid.
Galaxy A50: Half the day you don't so
Galaxy A50: I can only work for
Galaxy A50: So long during the weekdays.
Galaxy A50: But I'm doing it.
Katrina Groves: Yes, you are. So going back to your medical history, I'm remembering that you had hepatitis C, right.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And you got treated. Yeah.
And that's completely gone. Yeah.
So hep C and our mission.
Katrina Groves: And then
Katrina Groves: reflux, heartburn. Oh, we'll get to that. No.
Katrina Groves: Okay family history. What do you know medically about your family as far as heart disease, strokes, things like that.
Galaxy A50: I really don't know of any
Galaxy A50: Problems family problems.
Galaxy A50: Other than I'll call them.
Katrina Groves: That's a big one. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: The other computer and my other my left hand is one computer, and my right hands my other one
Sorry.
Katrina Groves: So no, you don't know anything. Both your parents on alive or deceased.
Galaxy A50: They're both gone
Katrina Groves: And what did they die of
Galaxy A50: My dad was delivered, geez.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, my mom. I don't know what the ending
Galaxy A50: Like what
Galaxy A50: Exactly killed her, but it was a result from drugs.
Katrina Groves: And sisters or brothers.
Galaxy A50: I have brothers, I have
Galaxy A50: Four Brothers.
Katrina Groves: Four Brothers. And do you see them.
Katrina Groves: What's their current situation.
Galaxy A50: Now they're kind of all over the place.
Galaxy A50: Of Minnesota and
Galaxy A50: Washington
Galaxy A50: I'm not even sure ones in Virginia.
Katrina Groves: Gone outside
Katrina Groves: Carefully, you might lose your Internet. There we go.
Galaxy A50: Are you going outside to smoke, you're not
Katrina Groves: Gonna look that I said when you move it. If the Internet.
Galaxy A50: Kind of stops and starts. I can't hear anything.
Katrina Groves: Are you there.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, yeah, kind of went out for a minute.
Katrina Groves: I think when you went outside it.
Galaxy A50: Kind of is
Katrina Groves: That your kids room.
Galaxy A50: No.
Katrina Groves: Oh, I see. Chaos pictures around
Galaxy A50: I see little. Oh yeah, that's all my walls have is our from him and
That is
Katrina Groves: He must love that when he comes in the house. The first thing he sees is like Dad's got my stuff all on the wall.
Katrina Groves: So, um,
Katrina Groves: How does cast now.
Galaxy A50: Is five and a half.
Katrina Groves: In kindergarten.
Galaxy A50: Know isn't TK next year's kindergarten.
Katrina Groves: Oh, so you are on your brothers.
Katrina Groves: Are they all alive and well. As far as, you know, or do they have any medical problems.
Galaxy A50: Or
Galaxy A50: They're all alive and well.
Katrina Groves: And you don't keep in touch with them. Why
Galaxy A50: No, we do just not that often.
Galaxy A50: I don't know we're all living our own lives.
Yeah.
Galaxy A50: It's easy to get caught up in day to day and not reach out like you should
Katrina Groves: Have they met your son.
Galaxy A50: To have them how
Katrina Groves: Alright, so let's see what else do I need medication. We did allergies, you're allergic to penicillin.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, and emphasis on what happens when you take those medications.
Galaxy A50: Well, it was when I was younger, but I just remember breaking out and like red
Galaxy A50: blotches watches.so
Galaxy A50: Rash yeah
Katrina Groves: Oh, and who's your primary care doctor, is it still Dr. Pearson
Yeah.
Galaxy A50: Okay, and
Katrina Groves: Did bright her, have you go do lab work yet or urine.
Galaxy A50: They said they were going to put in the order. So I would imagine like this week.
Katrina Groves: So did they tell you where to go.
Galaxy A50: No, the clinic I thought
Katrina Groves: Okay, I'm hoping because a lot of people that started with bright heart they're sending him to center coast and I was like, No, no, no, they're their patients have the clinic, go to the clinic so and that way. Tony and area can fax the results over
Katrina Groves: And they're going to have a pee test mailed out to you. I think in the mail. Have you had that experience yet.
Galaxy A50: No, I haven't had the pleasure.
Katrina Groves: So yeah, they'll mail it and then they walk you kind of through it.
Katrina Groves: And I'm not sure how often they're going to mail it
Katrina Groves: Like once a month, maybe
Katrina Groves: All right, now I want to go under see family. Oh, so you're still smoking cigarettes. Right.
Galaxy A50: Yes.
Katrina Groves: And how many packs a day.
Galaxy A50: You know, one addiction at a time, one
Alright.
Katrina Groves: No hospitalizations, you don't have any implantable devices in you.
Know,
Katrina Groves: Alright, so now this part is review of systems. So I'm going to basically go from head to toe and ask you that all your body
And just tell me if there's something that is bothersome.
Katrina Groves: So do you get Fevers or chills.
Katrina Groves: No. Do you have night sweats.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: Me about that.
Galaxy A50: I imagine it has to do with smoking and bad strictly and
Katrina Groves: What do you mean what describe your night sweats. Is it like hot like you feel suddenly hot or
Galaxy A50: Sometimes I gotta change my shirt in the middle of the night.
Katrina Groves: Any chest pain or shortness of breath with moving around.
No.
Katrina Groves: Have you had a TB test lately because I think we did that when people come into the clinic.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, it's been in last couple of years, I believe I think
Katrina Groves: Didn't you volunteer at the school, you were going to with your kid.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And they would have made you get a TV.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so any weight gain or weight loss that you're worried about
Know,
Katrina Groves: Any falling asleep during the day.
Katrina Groves: Any signs of diabetes like paying a lot or being thirsty, all the time.
Galaxy A50: That kind of my grandma had diabetes, so
Katrina Groves: Which side which my which grandmother
Galaxy A50: My Mom's Mom. Okay.
Katrina Groves: But you don't have any like urination problems like us, have to pay constantly or
Galaxy A50: Sometimes, but I you know I drink coffee from the time I get up. I go to bed.
Katrina Groves: No wonder you're not sleeping or you're having hot
Katrina Groves: All right, so any changes in your vision like blurry vision or double vision know
Katrina Groves: trouble hearing
Katrina Groves: Or your pain or drainage from your ears. No.
Katrina Groves: So, nose, mouth and throat. Do you have any stores or
Katrina Groves: On your lips or in your mouth or on your tongue.
Katrina Groves: No trouble swallowing.
Galaxy A50: No.
Katrina Groves: Tell me about your teeth.
Katrina Groves: Are you losing them still or what's happening with your dental
Galaxy A50: I haven't gone in, in a while.
Galaxy A50: I know that they're not saveable you know I do my best to take care of them still
Galaxy A50: Okay.
Katrina Groves: How do you know they're not saveable they can do amazing stuff.
Yeah.
Galaxy A50: I'm gonna be toothless
Katrina Groves: He already come to that conclusion.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Well that's why he got a job, you can say for dentures.
Katrina Groves: All right, but no tooth pain, you haven't had any
You got to watch out for.
Galaxy A50: Know,
Katrina Groves: If you get an abscess. You got to get in and get antibiotics that can be dangerous.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, no.
Katrina Groves: Okay, any trouble with when when you're smoking any hoarseness in your voice or
Katrina Groves: Drainage those nosebleed
Katrina Groves: Now Coughing. Coughing up blood
No.
Katrina Groves: And in your neck. Do you have any pain or stiffness
Katrina Groves: In your
Galaxy A50: Own time. But imagine it from work.
Katrina Groves: For any lumps in your neck like in your lymph nodes. Do you feel anything. No, no.
Katrina Groves: Any wheezing with your smoking history. I imagine you're probably going to need inhalers again at some point.
Galaxy A50: I have one on hand. Okay.
Katrina Groves: No recent infection bronchitis pneumonia.
Galaxy A50: No. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And you don't get short of breath when you're working
Galaxy A50: No good.
Katrina Groves: So your heart or moving down to your chest any trouble with. I think I already asked your chest pain or pressure. He said, No.
Katrina Groves: Heart palpitations.
Galaxy A50: No.
Katrina Groves: No any swelling in your legs or varicose veins and your legs.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And do you ever wake up in the middle of the night, feeling like you can't be you.
Know,
Katrina Groves: Okay, now we're going to skin.
Katrina Groves: Any trouble with your skin being dry, itchy.
Galaxy A50: Sometimes it gets dry but I don't drink enough water, either.
Katrina Groves: Your account on yourself, Josh.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Any new molds that are concerning to you changes and moles. No.
Katrina Groves: Stomach because the Suboxone cause any constipation.
Galaxy A50: I know
Katrina Groves: Any diarrhea.
Katrina Groves: Know, nausea, vomiting,
Katrina Groves: Abdominal pain.
Galaxy A50: I know
Katrina Groves: Any blood in your stool. No.
Katrina Groves: And then down further to prostate, you're getting home. Are you oh you're 43 so
Katrina Groves: Probably or you may not get prostate trouble TILL YOU'RE IN YOUR 50s, but are you having any trouble with your I know up a lot. But as the urination kind of slow and dribbling or is it really good and strong still
Galaxy A50: Not strong. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And you haven't had any trouble with the lead in your urine or no.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: For pain when you pee.
No, no.
Katrina Groves: All right, muscles, we talked about, you're pretty busy so you're, you're probably have some
Katrina Groves: Arm shoulder leg muscle kind of pain.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, sometimes sore, but
Katrina Groves: You don't have a lamp.
Galaxy A50: No.
Katrina Groves: You don't get cramps in your legs.
Katrina Groves: No trouble with weakness or
Katrina Groves: Okay, do you have any tremors.
Katrina Groves: Know any vertigo dizziness.
Katrina Groves: Know fainting spells. Nope. Now, headaches,
Galaxy A50: I know
Katrina Groves: Any burning or tingling or numbness sensation of your nerves in your body.
Galaxy A50: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Any easy bruising or anemia.
Katrina Groves: And then mental health wise, the pressure and I know you have had that and the Zoloft helps. Where do you feel like you're at with your depression.
Galaxy A50: I feel all right i
Galaxy A50: It's been a while since I've gotten depressed.
Katrina Groves: And what is depression look like for you to use just sleep all day. Don't want to get out and do things or
Katrina Groves: What happens when you're in your bad depression.
Galaxy A50: Um, I lose motivation. Okay.
Galaxy A50: So I try, I try to stay busy and doing something
Katrina Groves: Any suicidal thoughts in the past or recently.
Galaxy A50: In the past,
Galaxy A50: But no, not in a long time.
Katrina Groves: Good.
Katrina Groves: And you don't have any hallucinations are seeing things that are there.
No, no.
Katrina Groves: All right. And oh what pharmacy, do you use for your Suboxone
Walmart.
Katrina Groves: So,
Katrina Groves: The problem right now is that I still right hearts can't, for whatever reason, I can't use their system to prescribe yet. So if you when is your next rate, they'll do actually
Galaxy A50: I am been getting them on the seventh
Katrina Groves: Of every month.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, hang on. Look at your
Katrina Groves: And you
Katrina Groves: So, oh, so did you already get yours this month.
Yeah.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: And so what I'll try to do as soon as I can get my prescriptions up and running through here. I'll switch you over.
See what else we need to talk about
Katrina Groves: So what are your, what are your kind of goals. Josh, as far as
Katrina Groves: Future, you know, the next three months, the next six months. What are your goals for yourself and your kid. I know you want to get a house.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I want to get out of this apartment and get us a house.
Galaxy A50: keep us healthy and happy as I can.
Katrina Groves: And you're the primary
Katrina Groves: Parent right you're remind me that you're
Galaxy A50: Not them. I have a most of the time.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: Is, are you taking a mentor shots and you're doing all the bad stuff. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So goals to get housing. Are you on are you on the HUD list.
Galaxy A50: We're on head.
Galaxy A50: Okay, just a matter of finding something and being able to save money.
Katrina Groves: Because you should get really high priority, since you're a single parent with the kid. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Alrighty.
Katrina Groves: And so how do you the sub the Suboxone. Do you feel like it covers you 24 seven. Do you have any craving stole or is that something you don't even think about
Galaxy A50: No, I
Galaxy A50: I have it I don't miss it.
Katrina Groves: You have like a route regimented routine or
Katrina Groves: Do you take it out. What's your routine.
Galaxy A50: One in the morning, one in the afternoon and one later on the day. Okay.
Katrina Groves: It doesn't keep you from sleeping make you to wired or too tired. No, she used to it and have you, I think we talked before about maybe trying some blockade, the shot and
Katrina Groves: Yeah. What are your thoughts about that.
Galaxy A50: I don't know. I don't think I'm
Galaxy A50: Ready to do that right now.
Katrina Groves: What, what makes you worried about it. Oh.
Galaxy A50: No, I don't even know anything about it.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: When you're stable and so it seems like
Katrina Groves: Why would you change what's working on one hand, but
Katrina Groves: As new technology comes out. I like to let people know because some people really like that they feel like a slave to their strip. Sometimes, and they're always having to do it. Other people find the strips kind of comforting.
Katrina Groves: The shot is basically it's a small shot under your skin like insulin sort of on your belly. But the thing is it last for a month. And so you basically it's Suboxone instead of doing this throughout the day. It's kind of like steady state and helps a lot of people
Katrina Groves: Just not even have to think about it. But then you would go into the clinic every month to get your shot. So are you still doing the group or you don't really do groups anymore, right, with Tony
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I've been doing at least one a month.
Katrina Groves: Oh, that's good.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And so, and I think that's really helpful for your peers to see how you're doing and
Katrina Groves: You've always been really good about
Katrina Groves: Supporting the people and
Katrina Groves: Give being a good example.
Katrina Groves: So I'm glad you're still in touch with them. So that is something that you could do to think about if you want freedom from
Katrina Groves: The constant mouth thing is some blockade and
Katrina Groves: I've been unable to prescribe that and do that there. If you want to find out more information.
Galaxy A50: I'll do some research.
Katrina Groves: If not, you can stick with what you're on. So I think with bright heart. This is all new to me too. So thanks for your patience.
Katrina Groves: I need to figure out a day when you can come in for group and that will be Monday nights at 545 with a check in at 530, do you have anything going on with your kiddo on Monday nights or is that a bad, bad night for you.
Galaxy A50: Know, I could probably do that.
Katrina Groves: Is that
Katrina Groves: The night you have kid.
Katrina Groves: Monday night, is that the night you have chaos.
Yeah.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, but no, no. We'll try. No, I don't think it should be too bad. Okay.
Katrina Groves: So it's it's group like Tonio you'll see like four or five people or however many we have. And then I have a different counselor. Her name is Rebecca, she's really nice. So she will help sort of lead the group on whatever topics we want to talk about and
Katrina Groves: I want to put you down for a day, though, that you will
Katrina Groves: What's a good day for you like the 24th of February, the ninth the 16th. I mean, I have a couple days. You want to get a calendar.
Galaxy A50: Looking at one actually
Katrina Groves: Not want to do next. This next Monday is completely bombed with people. So either
Galaxy A50: Well, let's let's try the 24 seven
Galaxy A50: Okay.
Katrina Groves: If that's enough time for you to get
Katrina Groves: The other thing I actually that might be good because you wait you're used to getting your scripts on the six or seventh right
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So when I do end up getting prescriptions through bright heart. You'll i'll see you. The week before your script and then send it in. So the 24th. Sounds good.
Katrina Groves: And is there anyone in group that you can't be with or don't want to be with or have issues with
Galaxy A50: No, that's a good thing.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so do you have any questions.
Katrina Groves: For me about how this works. I can answer them my way
Katrina Groves: Otherwise this one pretty quick.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Galaxy A50: No, I think.
Galaxy A50: I got a good idea of what can happen.
Galaxy A50: So,
Katrina Groves: Keep checking in with Tony, you know, they're your home group.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I'm not going to check into anything as far as that goes. Good.
Katrina Groves: This is just a way to get you guys all signed up with right hurt in case you know they they still haven't found another doctor for the clinic so
Katrina Groves: Alrighty. I think I have everything I need. So you go enjoy your day. Thank you.
Katrina Groves: You're welcome. See you later.
Bye.
Katrina Groves: He started a bit early, so you can go by the timestamp.
Katrina Groves: Is a salmon expert was reviewed his cures report was reviewed and appropriate
Katrina Groves: mental status exam so
Katrina Groves: He's alert and oriented times three, and they'll keep the stress.
Katrina Groves: fully functional status normal concentration and attention, no evidence of any memory loss.
Katrina Groves: Motor
Katrina Groves: Some mild psycho motor agitation. I think he wanted a cigarette, no noticeable tremor, or
Katrina Groves: Too much fidgeting mood is normal with good range of emotions during this session, not just work.
Seems helpful.
Katrina Groves: He's casually groomed.
Katrina Groves: appears normal older than stated AGE, ACTUALLY.
Katrina Groves: Know by habitus
Katrina Groves: Speech someone has a tent and halting but otherwise normal
Katrina Groves: Volume and coherence thought processes linear and logical thought content is non tangential, I think I mentioned on lusa nations or delusions, where evidence. During the visit good insight and judgment intact no suicidal ideation and the suicide risk is
Very low or none.
Katrina Groves: So under past medical history. I think you heard he has asthma.
Katrina Groves: Pepsi in remission after treatment.
And
Katrina Groves: I think you got the family history social history.
Katrina Groves: That all the
Medications that he does have event one inhaler two puffs every four hours as needed.
And he gets that through his primary care doctor
Katrina Groves: So on exam. I think I
Katrina Groves: Hughes cooperatives.
Already normal appearance.
Katrina Groves: Multiple tattoos are noted
Katrina Groves: Know vitals done at this was it. He emptied Sam a head of H Madigan also valid people's on either dilated not pin normal hearing
There is no audit respiratory INAUDIBLE wheezing shortness of breath normal rate and volumes skin multiple tattoos.
Katrina Groves: No sign of track marks no jaundice musculoskeletal he removes all extremities. No hesitation or obvious pain logically non-vocal normal movements know tremor noted that kind of mixes in the psych part so assessment is
Katrina Groves: opiate dependence and remission at 11.21 he's in sustained remission. This guy's got five years going on six
Katrina Groves: Also number to diagnosis is
Depression.
And
Katrina Groves: nicotine dependence.
Which numbers that
Katrina Groves: Actually says COPD is on his chart 744 point J 44.9 so instead of
You could put asthma as a child and COPD. Now, and nicotine dependence.
Katrina Groves: Oh, that's f 17 point 200. Oh, and the depression. I'm sorry. Make it major depressive disorder in full remission.
With medication.
Katrina Groves: Plan. He has a prescription already
Katrina Groves: For his Suboxone from Dominican me health center as we transition to me at bright heart over time.
Katrina Groves: But currently unable to prescribe
Because I'm new provider here.
Katrina Groves: He will follow up with his lab work and you're in drug screen.
Katrina Groves: At the delicate can be health center where he still has his group meetings he will follow up with me.
Katrina Groves: At group on February 24
And will probably plan will be seen every three to four months.
Katrina Groves: Probably every three months.
As he's
Very stable.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so. Oh.
Katrina Groves: Poor dentist. And I guess the diagnosis. So recommendations to follow up with his primary care provider for
Katrina Groves: And his dentist for dental work and work up have night sweats.
And he's also diagnosis is alcohol isn't in remission.
As well. History of alcohol abuse F 10.11
Katrina Groves: offs under past medical history is hepatitis B infection.
Clear cleared.
past history of the hep B infection which was cleared and
That's it.
Katrina Groves: Right, I'm going to stay on this until the next person comes up. Thanks.
next patient.
Katrina Groves: Shots stood out to grab
Katrina Groves: On to 15 2020 history and physical. This is done. What can we help center client that is
Katrina Groves: Established with me.
Over three years he started group.
On April 28 2016 so he's going on almost four years in a few months.
He's checking in.
Katrina Groves: His diagnosis diagnoses. By the way, it's going to be opioid dependence and admission at 11.21 under socialized conduct disorder aggressive type moderate which is F 91.1
Sleep Disorder G 47.9 mood disorder F 39 tobacco use disorder fo X 17 point 200
Katrina Groves: And depression.
Katrina Groves: Hello.
Katrina Groves: Haven't seen you in a long time.
Saer Schultz: I know that forever.
Katrina Groves: It miss me
Saer Schultz: Yes. How are you doing, I'm
Katrina Groves: Good, how are you
Saer Schultz: All right.
Katrina Groves: All right, are you outside right now or what, what am I seeing behind you.
Saer Schultz: Oh yeah I'm outside in the in the patio.
Katrina Groves: Nice out there. Is it cold.
Saer Schultz: Kinda. It's not as bad as it was earlier this morning.
Katrina Groves: Sorry about the mix up last week. Thank you for being able to reschedule.
Saer Schultz: I hope it's okay I
Katrina Groves: Hope it wasn't too hard for you.
Saer Schultz: Not really. I was just annoyed because they made me do that questionnaire thing again. And I'm like, You already did this twice.
Saer Schultz: So I actually had to do that three times.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, but it's okay whatever
Katrina Groves: Oh, after this. You're letting it go right after this, you're going to be doing group with me on Mondays from 545 to 645 ish. Does that work for you.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, that'll work.
Katrina Groves: And when is your next prescription. Oh, and all, they're going to do is do like a brief like few minutes check in, like today.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And then most of the people you already know will be a top of the screen. So do you
Katrina Groves: Still go to groups there.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, I go, I go like
Saer Schultz: Oh, man. Good little more one I'm able to you. Sometimes I'll go to group and then I'll like going because I won't have much time, but I'll go in and just talk to Tony for a bit in our office.
Saer Schultz: That's really awesome. So I do go yeah
Katrina Groves: Don't stop that. That's a really good. A lot of people come on with bright heart, they're like, well, can I still see Tony. I'm like, Sure. See, you know, go keep checking in with your, with your group and do all that.
Oh, yeah.
Katrina Groves: So, um, this is like a history like I'm a new doctor and I don't know you kind of thing. So I'm going to ask you all this stuff, even though you're like old grams knows that I'm just going to have to
Ask
Katrina Groves: And really, you're going to smoke in front of me. Do
Saer Schultz: Nope, I'm putting it out.
Katrina Groves: During group. You can't smoke or you can drink, you know, we can we can have tea and coffee and stuff, but during group. They don't want you to smoke.
That's fine.
Katrina Groves: So I guess I got my first question bouncer you're still smoking.
Katrina Groves: Any other
Saer Schultz: I actually, I only spoke like in the mornings.
Katrina Groves: Oh, that's good.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, I have like a cigarette or two in the morning and then the rest of the day. I have a I don't smoke cigarettes for us today.
Katrina Groves: Do you make with nicotine or
Saer Schultz: Not I know those that morning cigarette, it's just harder for me to wake up a little bit. I guess the habit of it or whatever. Sure. So that morning cigarette.
Saer Schultz: Helps me just wake up with coffee. I don't know. I like it with coffee. Yeah. And then, yeah, I have a non nicotine. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: Okay. So let me start from the beginning, kind of, if you're in a, I don't know if you're in a private place. But we got to go back to the beginning. And I was reminding myself that you came to us in April, I believe it was April 28 2016. So, aren't you going on three almost four years now.
Saer Schultz: Uh, yeah, you know, while
Saer Schultz: It's pretty awesome. We haven't tried to remember, keep track
Katrina Groves: Well, I think I know some people don't want to know. But man, you've been over three years with, I don't believe you had any relapses correct me or slip ups or nothing, no to be great.
Katrina Groves: And then I want to go back in time, though, and try to, they probably are. Did they do this at your intake. Like, how old are you when you start using drugs.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, they did a bunch of
Saer Schultz: Question things. Mm hmm.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, I don't know. It was like
Saer Schultz: The little over half hour.
Katrina Groves: Yeah well that's what today is going to be to be a little more medical part
Katrina Groves: So you were not an IV drug user
Saer Schultz: Right, you just took
Katrina Groves: pain pills. Yeah, and I think, was it Percocet and bike it in that way or drugs of choice.
Saer Schultz: Both it was both, okay.
Katrina Groves: And no other substances like alcohol.
Saer Schultz: No I don't drink.
Katrina Groves: And drink and all right and no other like drugs like Ben zone or any other street drugs.
Saer Schultz: No. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And then so going to your
Katrina Groves: Medication. All you take right now is the Suboxone eight milligram films. Right. Yeah. And you are currently at what three and a half, you managed to taper yourself down to, after much struggle and strife.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, I worked out.
Katrina Groves: How'd you work it out.
Saer Schultz: Yeah I sucked it up and worked it out.
Katrina Groves: How to how are you taking it now and at what
Saer Schultz: I'm saying or morning noon night.
Katrina Groves: Where's that extra half
Saer Schultz: Us in between what I feel like I if I need to, or not.
Katrina Groves: So you don't always do that extra half
Saer Schultz: No, I do, it's the it's at some point in the day, you know, either before work or after work, or whatever. It depends, you know,
Katrina Groves: Tell me about your work. Where are you, how are you, what are you working now. What's your job.
Saer Schultz: I'm taking care of an elderly man. Wow, that's pretty neat. He's got dementia and he's a role that maybe
Saer Schultz: It's pretty cool. Then Tom
Saer Schultz: What do you do in
Saer Schultz: Everything.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, he's full everything from digging in the bathroom to give them showers to make them food and watch movies with them.
Saer Schultz: That's great. Yeah, sorry. Cool.
Katrina Groves: Is that an in home support service.
Saer Schultz: Yeah. Well, no, it's
Katrina Groves: under the table or
Saer Schultz: Yeah, it's under the table.
Katrina Groves: You must have a rich client.
Saer Schultz: Um, yeah. Well, he says he's like, I don't know how it works out. But he said, since he's out of bed something with like his retirement or whatever. Any worked for the work for the prison for years.
Saer Schultz: And so they have he was at before I start taking care of them. He was at atomium house, and it was causing like $5,000 a month for him to stay there. Yeah. That's crazy.
Saer Schultz: So,
Katrina Groves: This isn't your girlfriend's dad was it
Saer Schultz: No. Oh, because
Katrina Groves: Then he used to work at the prison, you used to date a nurse at the prison, and her dad.
Saer Schultz: Are. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, that's been it's been about two years now.
Katrina Groves: Do you see how out of the loop. I am
Saer Schultz: Do you have any
Katrina Groves: Any relationship in your life.
No.
Katrina Groves: That you're that you're under my end that noise.
I just
Okay.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, no, that's the new on that.
Katrina Groves: I'm sorry, you still living at your brothers are you living in with this gentleman you take care of
Saer Schultz: Know, with my brother.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And I think that's feedback speakers, either you or me or to
Saer Schultz: Know what I'll try.
Saer Schultz: Is that better.
Katrina Groves: I can hear you fine. It was just kind of feedback that
Saer Schultz: Maybe this this other earpiece was probably rubbing on my shirt or something.
Katrina Groves: Absolutely. Alright, so
Katrina Groves: You're living with your brother. And oh, tell me about your nephew, how, what's going on with with him. How old is he now.
Saer Schultz: Oh, he's doing good. He's his birthday is coming up.
Saer Schultz: Next week knows
Saer Schultz: THE 27th is his birthday.
How old are going to meet the
Saer Schultz: Eight.
Saer Schultz: He's still there. He's
Katrina Groves: Involved in his
Saer Schultz: Oh yeah, every day.
Saer Schultz: Though he's doing pretty good though. He's, he's a
Saer Schultz: Started basketball. He's had a couple games so far. He's not too much in the basketball.
Saer Schultz: He's doing it because mom and dad on
Katrina Groves: Here is that a little more involved with his son, because I know that was you, and he had your kind of dad number
Saer Schultz: One. And yeah, I would say a bit more. Yeah, pretty good.
Katrina Groves: I know that was frustrating for you for a long time.
Saer Schultz: It was still kind of but
Saer Schultz: Not as bad.
Katrina Groves: All right. And so let me move on here to I'll probably I'm learning this stuff to from bright heart they want me to get all this stuff down. So if I zoom around that's my bad.
Katrina Groves: Oh, did your substance use land you in any trouble as far as with the legal problems or
Any oh
Katrina Groves: no jail time.
Saer Schultz: No.
Katrina Groves: Good. No.
Saer Schultz: I never got in trouble. Um, yeah, like that. I mean, back when I was
Saer Schultz: 22 i mean i got it wet and reckless back then. That's the only thing that I've ever got on my record that was bad.
Good.
Katrina Groves: And did you what what made you want to get into recovery. How bad was it when you were using
Katrina Groves: You know pills. What, what made you decide to
Saer Schultz: Get i just i wanted to for my own well being had enough.
Saer Schultz: Mm hmm. Yeah.
Saer Schultz: I got tired of it.
Saer Schultz: And it's been that way since I was
Saer Schultz: 14
Saer Schultz: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So how's your life now.
Saer Schultz: Okay, what's better. Yeah.
Saer Schultz: Much better.
Katrina Groves: You don't feel like you're dependent on this box and it doesn't feel like the drugs do you
Saer Schultz: Know it does it. And, uh,
Saer Schultz: Yeah, in a way, dependent
Saer Schultz: I guess.
Saer Schultz: more reliant. No way.
Katrina Groves: To ever see yourself at a time where you would be off of it. Or do you feel like you're going to be on at your whole life.
Saer Schultz: I don't know. I may have thought about it.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, I can't come to a decision that I put it that way but I definitely have thought about it strongly both ways.
Katrina Groves: So there's also an injection. I don't know if you've heard about that the sub lock hate all the new. It's a shot that you get once a month and then you don't have to mess with that. But I think with your brain like that OCD, you have. I don't know if that would be a good
Saer Schultz: We did talk about this before, while back, like last time we were talking and the I and I
Saer Schultz: Was saying the same thing. I don't know if that would be good for me because I'm still routine ish
Right.
Katrina Groves: And do you still have issues with depression.
Saer Schultz: Or have you go, boy. Yeah, you
Katrina Groves: So you're not on any oh gosh, I remember we tried a lot of different things with the right, we tried. We took
Saer Schultz: We try to think two or three different thing.
Saer Schultz: And you just
Katrina Groves: You'd rather just be without chemicals right now.
Saer Schultz: Well they less than what we did try didn't really do anything. I didn't notice any difference right
Katrina Groves: Who's your current provider at the clinic now or do you have one
Saer Schultz: Oh, gosh.
Katrina Groves: I can look in here. I got I got your other chart.
Saer Schultz: He has a hard name to remember
Saer Schultz: Kevin Kibler or ocular
Katrina Groves: Michelle. Yeah.
Saer Schultz: That's, that's, yeah, that's
Katrina Groves: That's good. You're not i here. LAUGHING Who's out there.
Saer Schultz: Oh, my sister in law.
Katrina Groves: Oh, okay.
Katrina Groves: I don't want you to talk in front of people. You don't want to talk to
Katrina Groves: Oh, so
Katrina Groves: Now I'm just gonna kind of go through
Saer Schultz: I'm gonna I'm gonna walk into my real, okay.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Although your sister might be
Helped
Saer Schultz: Yeah, buddy.
Saer Schultz: Sister was born. Other smoke. Yeah, thanks.
Katrina Groves: Nice room. Thanks.
Saer Schultz: I got like
Katrina Groves: That's pretty cool. Oh.
Saer Schultz: My I do some stuff you
Katrina Groves: If you do on that artwork and what do you
Saer Schultz: Yeah, yeah. You are a
Katrina Groves: talented guy.
Katrina Groves: He sell your stuff.
Saer Schultz: No. But I've been told I should
Saer Schultz: Have been told many times that I said
Saer Schultz: I don't know if
Saer Schultz: It's more of a hobby.
Saer Schultz: Because I like to do it, not because I'm trying to make anything off.
Katrina Groves: Exactly. And it's a really good coping skill. Right.
Saer Schultz: Correct, yeah. Yeah, it can just, I guess like draw and, you know, start making something and just get lost in doing that. And then I like don't think about anything else for a while, while I'm doing it.
Katrina Groves: So what other coping skills. Do you have the sides of the art like what else do you do in your brain or in your life.
Saer Schultz: Definitely other gaming.
Saer Schultz: Mm hmm. That's like one of my biggest coping.
Saer Schultz: Skills.
Saer Schultz: Fiction was not a, not necessarily a skill, but what. Yeah. What am I mechanisms. I tried to do. Okay.
Saer Schultz: That and then I you know the meditation you know today.
Katrina Groves: Are you still doing
Saer Schultz: My eyes. And I just, yeah. Oh, yeah. I still do it a lot and close my eyes and I just shut things off and
Saer Schultz: Just be with my own thoughts in my own head.
Katrina Groves: That has been very successful for you.
Katrina Groves: Yes. So backing up to past medical history, do you have any other past illnesses or
Katrina Groves: Injuries or anything like high blood pressure. Sorry, I lost you there.
Saer Schultz: Hi blessed by heart just that's my heart.
Saer Schultz: My heart. How many this always I've always have high heart rate.
Saer Schultz: Ideas.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, I don't know what it was that the last time.
Saer Schultz: We hadn't you put on that monitor for a month and then I don't exactly know after I turn that in to the people over there ever get without places.
Saer Schultz: I didn't stutter. No, it was right down by like down by the the stillness in your center right next to that a little office down there down the North press okay
Saer Schultz: But I don't remember. Whatever happened after that, after I turned in all that data.
Katrina Groves: You should probably get an appointment with your doctor Keeter. That's her name.
Katrina Groves: And find out what the status is of that. But I remember at some point, didn't I gave you, or someone gave you. Propranolol to take when you have really bad heart palpitations, do you still take that it was a blood pressure pill that
Saer Schultz: You. Oh, yeah. No, I don't think that I remember we were trying to whatever for when I had the issues when my heart rate was up too high, and I couldn't make it go down a Kraken. Calm down.
Saer Schultz: I do remember
Saer Schultz: Annoyed
Saer Schultz: With the help them up shoot that was like while ago.
Katrina Groves: Obviously, it's not really bothering you anymore. You're just able to meditate through it and everything.
Saer Schultz: Is somewhat yes once in a while it gets pretty bad. And then I'll like to have all i don't panic. I get to like the point where I feel like I
Saer Schultz: Don't know how to describe that like the feeling like I'm in early going to like this freak out because they can't. Mm hmm. And I'll, I'll go into like all sweat so much. I'll go into like a cold sweat and I feel
Saer Schultz: Like my skin will feel like uncomfortable tingling and stuff. And my heart will be racing.
Katrina Groves: Are you hyperventilating, you know, no.
Saer Schultz: I'm breathing, fine. I just, it's really weird.
Saer Schultz: And
Katrina Groves: How long does it last.
Saer Schultz: It can last anywhere from what once I think about it and I try to like
Saer Schultz: calm myself down something less than 10 minutes or so. Other times, you know, maybe a couple minutes if it's not too bad. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And how often do these happen to their
Saer Schultz: Average, I'd say about
Saer Schultz: Three times a week. Okay. That's significant.
Katrina Groves: So it could be anxiety and panic, but I just want to make sure it's not some kind of heart palpitations thing. It's probably benign. But if you don't have results of that test I would get it checked out.
Saer Schultz: Okay, well, I'll talk to you later.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and any other that you don't have high blood pressure, though, and you don't have diabetes, you don't have thyroid problems, you don't have any other medical problems at all.
Saer Schultz: Nice allergies. Let's see what I have on you know our job.
Saer Schultz: Okay, I don't need nothing
Katrina Groves: And any surgeries that you've had their appendix console's
Nothing.
Katrina Groves: Family history. So I know that, who, who, in your family has medical issues as anybody have heart disease or stroke. So
Saer Schultz: Well, breast cancer know how much I have to worry about that but breast cancer has ran in every generation is by mom side family. Wow. And yeah, so my grandma had it. My mother's sister passed away from it and then grandma passed away from it.
Saer Schultz: And then on the other side.
Saer Schultz: Arthritis really bad rooms in there. So I don't know what my dangers are as far as that. Those are the only two bad things that I know have
Katrina Groves: Dinner and your mother's sister have some kind of stomach cancer or something like that.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, she was. She had a, uh, maybe I want to say it was ovarian cancer.
Katrina Groves: Oh ok, cuz
Saer Schultz: They like I forget what happened, something they thought she was pregnant or something are starting to be pregnant, but it was cancer.
Saer Schultz: Insider. I don't know how they figured it out or whatever. But yeah.
Katrina Groves: So is your father still living.
Saer Schultz: A much
Katrina Groves: So you haven't seen him in a long
Saer Schultz: I know I have seen him and not knowing
Katrina Groves: How about your mom.
At all.
Katrina Groves: Alive and well
Saer Schultz: Yep. She's doing good work in and doing great. And you have at least placing a senior stuff good
Katrina Groves: And your brothers and sisters
I'm
Saer Schultz: Two brothers who live in reading and two sisters
Saer Schultz: So just me and my brother.
Katrina Groves: Any, any medical problems that they have that we should know about.
Saer Schultz: Everyone out of all six of us, everyone's pretty health wise, pretty good. Many of us have more around
Katrina Groves: What about drug abuse or substance abuse alcoholism or drugs are
Saer Schultz: Any family is the alcoholism on that part of it. And then my everybody else is not
Saer Schultz: Everybody else doesn't have
Saer Schultz: Anything like addictions or problems, but that's
Okay.
Saer Schultz: Because we're the two oldest
Saer Schultz: So, I mean, I don't know if you think about it, how screwed up thing where when parents are getting divorced you shit. And when we're teenagers. Right.
Saer Schultz: To life experience is going on. Most of us lot younger than us.
Katrina Groves: Kind of losing you again.
Oh,
Saer Schultz: Sorry.
Saer Schultz: Put it back here.
Let's see.
Katrina Groves: There, I still hear background noise somewhere. Okay. Are you there.
Yep.
Saer Schultz: Okay. Sorry, I'm going to have a better headphone set next time.
Katrina Groves: No worries. It might be mine. Alright, so we went through family history surgical history.
Katrina Groves: Job, you're
Katrina Groves: Doing. Oh, so I
Katrina Groves: Want to go through review systems, real quick. It's kind of like head to toe.
Katrina Groves: So just say if you have it or if you don't have it any Fevers or chills recently.
Saer Schultz: Know,
Katrina Groves: Any problems with night sweats, or cold intolerance.
Katrina Groves: Any weight gain or loss that you're worried about
Saer Schultz: A little weight loss. What do you think, but I think that I fluctuate. Is that because I'm I know that I can do that before.
Saer Schultz: A while back, how I was losing weight.
Saer Schultz: I break my weight luxuries that I lost. I lost quite a bit away and then I came back. I remember
Saer Schultz: How
Saer Schultz: I noticed that my cheekbones, where I see myself in the mirror and I can notice that I started to see my cheekbones. When I started to do a little scan.
Katrina Groves: So, do you just not eat. Sometimes you just don't
Katrina Groves: Feel right
Saer Schultz: Yeah, sometimes I just, I only when I'm hungry. I don't eat.
Saer Schultz: And just to be or, you know,
Katrina Groves: Have you had your thyroid checked.
Saer Schultz: I have it. But I don't think that from that or unless it's you have problems with that and you don't know about it. Yeah, sometimes.
Katrina Groves: And that can be a cause of palpitations, too. So maybe Dr. Peter, it might be worthwhile saying just, you know, letting her know about that weight loss. Sometimes
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Add to Your list of things to do. So any trouble with diabetes, sometimes causes people to pee all the time or be thirsty like crazy. Do you have any of those symptoms.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, problems with your eyes. They're like blurry vision double vision vision loss.
Saer Schultz: Not other than once in a while. Like, I think I told you before, how I still a
Saer Schultz: It happens a few times a week where I will just be sitting there for whatever I'm doing and in my peripherals.
Saer Schultz: Mm hmm. Like,
Saer Schultz: You know,
Saer Schultz: How it's weird, and my peripheral is always feel a little dizzy and in my peripherals on both sides. I'll see like, I don't know how to describe it. But it reminded me of like little like little glowing light worms.
Saer Schultz: And they're going all over the place. But it's only in my peripheral really weird.
Is that
Saer Schultz: And I'll feel a tiny bit dizzy for a minute while I'm singing those and then they'll, they'll go away. It doesn't last very long.
Katrina Groves: It was that we're going into a migraine headache because I thought used to get migraines.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, it might be, I don't know. We did already discussed this before. But yeah, it could be
Saer Schultz: Those are, those are getting better.
Saer Schultz: Good.
Saer Schultz: Like less frequent and still get them.
Saer Schultz: You know about once a week, I'll have a bad night. Again, or whatever. But I've been changing my sleep patterns to get
Saer Schultz: A little bit better sleep well I'm taking naps, or when I get a chance to sleep, a bit more
Katrina Groves: That was my next question. Because I remember you have had insomnia troubles and she'd been a kid right i still
Saer Schultz: Have a bad. Yeah, I mean, last night I didn't go to sleep. So about three 330 in the morning and then I woke up at seven this morning.
Katrina Groves: Wow, so you're drinking a lot of coffee.
Saer Schultz: Not that much probably
Saer Schultz: No average few cups morning and then have some or do you mean yeah
So,
Katrina Groves: As you know, caffeine can make your heart race fast it can also keep you from sleeping, even though you may not feel it so might be something to think about cutting back on.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so you don't take medication for sleep anymore though, because I know we tried melatonin you tried Benadryl yeah
Saer Schultz: I tried and nothing
Saer Schultz: Helped me with it. I don't know, I just, I didn't do anything.
Katrina Groves: You're tough.
Saer Schultz: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: It's you're managing somehow
Saer Schultz: Yeah I managed
Katrina Groves: Okay, so we were on ears, eyes.
Katrina Groves: Dizziness. Oh, any hearing problems or pain in your ears, you know,
Saer Schultz: Hearing is pretty darn good. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And what about nose, mouth or throat. Do you have any sores or any problem with your
Saer Schultz: Mean
Katrina Groves: We used to do snuff, right, are you still doing snuff.
Saer Schultz: Oh no, I don't do that. Don't do that. Okay.
Katrina Groves: So no sores on your mouth or your lips or your tongue.
Katrina Groves: dental problems.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, that dental problem past the past six months or so. I've had to abscesses.
Katrina Groves: Oh, we
Saer Schultz: Went Yeah, which I went and had one taking care of what I had it pulled. And then the second abscess, was I haven't had that pulled yet because it's probably going to need to be a
Katrina Groves: Root canal.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, cuz broken off so low that it can't pull it out, but I there was, I was given antibiotics. And so those and swelling went down stuff.
Katrina Groves: For dental because I heard that a clinic a dental is bad. Are you in with them.
Saer Schultz: It's bad. I just did. They will pick anyone new so I ended up going and like sitting there in the morning and waiting until are you opening
Katrina Groves: Oh, so they do end up seeing you eventually
Saer Schultz: Like they have enough. I've only had to go to the emergency
Saer Schultz: One time when I woke up in the morning and my favorites.
Saer Schultz: Actually went down there to go get the antibiotics.
Katrina Groves: Good, because that can go to your brain. So you don't want to mess around with that.
Saer Schultz: Yeah yeah
Katrina Groves: What about your pain when you have tooth problems. What do you do, do you take Tylenol ibuprofen savings to take pain pills.
Saer Schultz: I know I'll take the ibuprofen and then sometimes that upsets my stomach or just, you know, not bad that I get a stomach ache from it and other
Saer Schultz: Than the other than the ibuprofen. If I don't take that and I'll take the Advil
Saer Schultz: Hang on one second. I gotta tell
Katrina Groves: You wouldn't believe I've got three things going on at once here multitasking.
Saer Schultz: Multitasking oh
Katrina Groves: No, it's getting worse.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so we were down to your nose and your throat. Oh, I'm
Katrina Groves: Back pain. Do you have stiffness or neck problems.
No.
Katrina Groves: Do you have lymph nodes in your neck, except when you have two problems, obviously. Otherwise, you don't have any swelling in there.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, no. Just, just off the top of real hard lumps or whatever.
Katrina Groves: Right. What about your lungs. Do you have trouble with coughing, wheezing shortness of breath.
Saer Schultz: Nope, I'm pretty okay I am actually very thankful that I'm pretty okay just because of how much I've smoked throughout my life.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, but you're down now. That's good.
Oh, yeah.
Katrina Groves: So do you don't you don't have swelling in your legs or varicose veins, anything like that.
Saer Schultz: No good.
Katrina Groves: HOW ABOUT YOUR SKIN DEEP TROUBLE WITH dry skin.
Katrina Groves: Or itchy skin or low holes or rashes.
Saer Schultz: Know my skin. Pretty good.
Saer Schultz: Think bigger myself.
Katrina Groves: Abdominal problems that what's the box on a lot of people have caused the patient. Are you do you have that
Saer Schultz: No, I have
Katrina Groves: Diarrhea
Katrina Groves: Nausea, vomiting,
Katrina Groves: blood in your stool.
Katrina Groves: You said you get heartburn. Every now and then he ever
Saer Schultz: Like acid reflux or whatever, y'all. I don't know. Like I'm sit down, it's mostly I noticed when I'm sitting down, obviously, stand up, you're moving it probably doesn't. I don't know. But when I'm sitting down. I'll get like
Saer Schultz: Yeah, it'll just burn a bit like a really bad heartburn, and then I'll like just in the very back of my throat. I'll
Saer Schultz: Paste like stomach acid or whatever, throw up you know a little bit, but I never throw up or anything like that. I just, it burns and I have a comes, I'll just take comes for it.
Katrina Groves: Uh huh.
Saer Schultz: The chewable tablets. I don't know, that's how I've been dealing with it.
Saer Schultz: Yeah mobiles
Katrina Groves: Okay, hang on.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: So stomach about urination, you're not old enough, you're only 38 you're a pup.
Katrina Groves: No prostate problems with you write your P fine. You don't or have burning when up
No.
Katrina Groves: No blood in your urine, obviously.
Katrina Groves: Muscle problems. Do you have any joint or muscle or back or knee pain, anything like that.
Saer Schultz: Just needs. Yeah. Nice. And I think it's just normally uses my
Saer Schultz: Pretty hard on my knees throughout my life.
Katrina Groves: Really skateboard ski why
Saer Schultz: Yeah, biking, the next
Saer Schultz: That's right.
Saer Schultz: Yeah BMX and
Saer Schultz: And, and, you know, I've had a couple injuries. Nothing bad but you know where
This
Saer Schultz: Incident with a chainsaw.
Saer Schultz: On my knee and to get stitches and then and then before I had a piece of metal.
Saer Schultz: Most playing football in the yard and piece of metal had
Saer Schultz: A kind of I fell in it, stabbed me in the top of the kneecap.
Saer Schultz: And they had to remove the shard of it. It was like kind of down down behind the kneecap from the top in
Saer Schultz: But that doesn't hurt. Specifically, it's just normal, I don't know, normal aching my knees.
Katrina Groves: Know cramps, you get in your calves are
Saer Schultz: Low drank weakness know
Katrina Groves: Any seizures vertigo and besides will actually forget. You already told me about the vertigo, but you get seizures or fainting spells.
Katrina Groves: Know any tremor.
Saer Schultz: Dope.
Katrina Groves: And he did say you still have headaches, you know, there are medications that can
Katrina Groves: Stop your headaches, too. So that's another thing to put on the list of for Dr. Peter
Saer Schultz: Oh, OK.
Katrina Groves: That's a lot of x three headaches, a week. That's a lot.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, it's anywhere. Yeah, I know. And it's just been like that too long. I don't know, I just
Saer Schultz: I don't, I don't know how to describe that it almost feels normal to me.
Saer Schultz: Along the headaches.
Katrina Groves: But your dad. I know we're kind of
Losing that connection.
Saer Schultz: That I totally lose ya.
I hear
Saer Schultz: I still hear you. Oh, there you are. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Let's keep talking, even if the vision goes down. And so actually, we're almost towards the end. Are you with your depression. Have you had any trouble with suicidal thoughts in the past.
Saer Schultz: No, but I have like feelings. I don't know. Sometimes like
Saer Schultz: I didn't want to start the day I don't want to do anything. I just, I
Saer Schultz: It's a weird depression. This
Saer Schultz: I feel like I don't care about anything.
Katrina Groves: And then, how often do you get into that and just lay in bed all day and don't do anything.
Saer Schultz: Month, baby. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And then what gets you back up the next day or you just
Saer Schultz: Just, I have to
Saer Schultz: So I don't know, I end up there because I have to.
Saer Schultz: I know it sounds don't sound too good, but yeah.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, like this hard like can be hard sometimes you
Saer Schultz: Can
Katrina Groves: Do you feel comfortable pocket and Tony about that still is there.
Saer Schultz: Oh yeah, I do. Yeah.
Good.
Katrina Groves: So no delusions or hallucinations are seeing things that aren't there are hearing things that aren't there.
Katrina Groves: Any easy bruising or deleting no
Katrina Groves: No. All right, so I've heard let you go sing before we lose it. What are your goals for the next you have any goals for the next six months or a year longer for your life.
Saer Schultz: Oh shoot, I guess I would say I do but at the moment offhand. I'd have to think about that.
Katrina Groves: Think about it and talk about it. And next time we do group.
Katrina Groves: Perfect. So when is your prescription going to be do because I'm going to try to make people's appointments on Monday night group to co lead your Suboxone
Saer Schultz: Well, today.
Katrina Groves: You're out today. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so
Saer Schultz: I went to see Tony yesterday and I and I told her, like I'm talking to you today. And she said, Okay, we'll try to deal with it tomorrow. And then if I couldn't then color or whatever but
Katrina Groves: What pharmacy.
Walmart.
Katrina Groves: Walmart.
Katrina Groves: Alright, and the last script was, oh dear. Let's see. Are you out today like you have none left.
Saer Schultz: I have one. That's it.
Katrina Groves: Or did you have one this morning.
Katrina Groves: having me here. All right, I will get on that.
Katrina Groves: So do you want group. Let's see.
Katrina Groves: I think I'd rather get you a prescription do a group, the same week you're due for your prescription. So that would be when not this Monday. But if I get it to you this weekend. Do you have a calendar with you, sir.
Saer Schultz: But I do on my phone.
Katrina Groves: Which is of course what you're using to talk to me.
Saer Schultz: I can write it down here, like you see I got a pin in it.
Katrina Groves: So if I got you group on usually get 30 days of a script. Right, so it laughs
Katrina Groves: Yes. So if I do it today Saturday 1234 you'll be good until this 16th of March.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. Or let's do the night because that's a week before
Saer Schultz: Okay, perfect.
Katrina Groves: Is that, are you available march 9
Saer Schultz: Yep.
Katrina Groves: Okay, I'm putting you on my book Sayre s
Katrina Groves: And I will not. You don't have to come every single month. I mean, maybe. To get started, but as time goes on. You have so much clean time
Katrina Groves: Okay. Do you have insurance is just getting covered through partners paper.
Saer Schultz: Yes, it is. Okay, good.
Katrina Groves: So you don't have a copay or anything.
You though.
Katrina Groves: Alright so we got you set for March nine, and what else, what else they're gonna have you do. Did they did bright heart contact you about getting lab work done.
Saer Schultz: Yeah yeah they they did. And I got to go down there and do it. So I'm going to go down there at some point today and do it.
Katrina Groves: Do they say at the clinic or at Sutter
Saer Schultz: At the clinic.
Katrina Groves: Good, because I don't know if they do labs on the weekends, though, sir.
Saer Schultz: Oh really. Oh, when I went there. The other day I was, I tried to do it the other day, but they went too late and wait for or whatever, and they said that they were already gone so
Yeah.
Saer Schultz: Ok so lady told me to come back today but
Katrina Groves: Oh, well, maybe they're on Saturdays.
Saer Schultz: I just thought
Katrina Groves: That the staffing. All right. And then the labs can get sent to bright heart. They will also send you a urine cup in the mail, which is kind of weird. Have you gotten that yet.
Saer Schultz: Not that I know of. All right, which
Katrina Groves: Just make sure your brother, and anybody in the house. I mean, they're going to send you a package in the mail.
Katrina Groves: Okay, don't open it. Wait until you you actually need to call bright her in that virtual room and say, Hey, I got a drug screen.
You may want
Katrina Groves: Like the week like a few days before our group meeting or something. I'm not sure how they want what timing, they have with it but you actually open it up, you leave your phone and you take it in the bathroom and bring it out and then they'll, they'll kind of read it with you so
Saer Schultz: Okay, I gotcha. I think I've done that but
Saer Schultz: Not through here, but go ahead.
Saer Schultz: And else anyway. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, of course, we want you, you know, God forbid, if you have some relapse or something, you're going to talk to us, you're not going to be trying to hide anything. I think that, oh,
Saer Schultz: No, no. Oh, no.
Katrina Groves: You
Saer Schultz: Know me. I'm always honest.
Katrina Groves: I'm just so proud of you. Gosh, you know I you guys at group I miss you guys so much, cuz
Saer Schultz: Oh yeah, we've missed you. I believe that everybody
Saer Schultz: Every Mrs having you there. Yeah, thanks.
Katrina Groves: Okay, um, any other questions. You did awesome and are you still fixing up cars. I was going to ask you that.
Saer Schultz: Oh yeah, oh yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: That's great.
Saer Schultz: Yeah, and worked out pretty good.
Katrina Groves: So I will let Walmart know right now that you need a script and I will see you on March 9
Saer Schultz: Okey dokey march night.
Katrina Groves: Yep, thanks, sir.
Saer Schultz: Thanks. I soon I
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Katrina Groves: SO UNFAIR exam. He's casually dressed normal appearance. Little bit been cooperative
Katrina Groves: Good behavior and
Katrina Groves: normal behavior and good eye contact, good social interaction for someone who's got his
Issues.
Katrina Groves: suicide risk was non
Katrina Groves: Think we talked about that.
Katrina Groves: No vitals can do that on telemedicine.
Oh, hang on. I'm doing two things at once again.
My
Katrina Groves: My 11 O'clock cancelled Joey Ramirez, so he's going to go on the next next week.
Katrina Groves: Okay. He empty a traumatic and also phallic
Katrina Groves: Very poor Dan Titian
Katrina Groves: Hearing restorations Noah. No audible wheezing know cough congestion or shortness of breath.
Katrina Groves: Noted his skin without jaundice.
Katrina Groves: Yes, next exam. No lymph nodes and no sign up thyroid enlargement musculoskeletal he's moves all extremities well without hesitation or pain.
Katrina Groves: Neurological examiner tremors normal coordinated movements not vocal
Katrina Groves: Justice free psychic pressure impression he well he's alert nine times three.
Normal concentration and attention did not seem to
Agitated and no fidgeting was noted
Speech and
Katrina Groves: Speech rate volume and coherence all normal thought processes linear logical
Katrina Groves: With normal content not tangential, I already said no nations good insight good self reflection.
Katrina Groves: No implantable devices know hospitalizations.
Katrina Groves: So assessment.
Katrina Groves: I think I said, some of them already, the opiate dependence that under socialized disorder where he does not get along well with people. He still has depression which
Katrina Groves: Mild to moderate and he
Katrina Groves: has tried and failed multiple medications, but he's, he can certainly check in with his primary care provider if he wishes to revisit that.
Katrina Groves: Insomnia is a chronic problem he has the history of migraines.
Katrina Groves: Which again, so the the plan would be for patient to follow up with his primary care doctor, Dr. Michelle Keeter at donor community health center for review of his halter monitor and palpitations.
Katrina Groves: As well as his depression insomnia and migraines.
Katrina Groves: Currently takes a dose of three and a half Suboxone scripts sublingual and I will call in number 105 today. This will not be group right heart because I'm not able to do a scribe yet you're bright heart but
Katrina Groves: I will do it. And the is the community health center instead
Katrina Groves: Is next group will be march 9 which will be the week. He's due for his script.
And
Labs and urine drug screens. I think I said
Katrina Groves: Okay, that's it. So my last one.
Katrina Groves: Had to cancel. So I'm done for today. Thanks very much.